docs/invalids/source/idomal.md, before:

# idomal

This document details the invalid local unique identifiers used in CURIEs
for node, synonym, and definition cross-references in `idomal`. See the [GitHub repository](https://github.com/VEuPathDB-ontology/IDOMAL).


## `BFO`: Basic Formal Ontology

Overall, there were 1 invalid
xrefs to external prefixed with `BFO` (standardized to Bioregistry
prefix [`bfo`](https://bioregistry.io/bfo)) that
did not match the standard pattern `^\d{7}$`.

| external_xref   |   usages_count | usages                                                          |
|-----------------|----------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------|
| `BFO:SNAP`      |              1 | [IDOMAL:0000002](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/IDOMAL_0000002) |

## `CARO`: Common Anatomy Reference Ontology

Overall, there were 1 invalid
xrefs to external prefixed with `CARO` (standardized to Bioregistry
prefix [`caro`](https://bioregistry.io/caro)) that
did not match the standard pattern `^\d{7}$`.

| external_xref   |   usages_count | usages                                                          |
|-----------------|----------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------|
| `CARO:00000041` |              1 | [IDOMAL:0002461](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/IDOMAL_0002461) |

## `ISBN`: International Standard Book Number

Overall, there were 2 invalid
xrefs to external prefixed with `ISBN` (standardized to Bioregistry
prefix [`isbn`](https://bioregistry.io/isbn)) that
did not match the standard pattern `^(ISBN)?(-13|-10)?[:]?[ ]?(\d{2,3}[ -]?)?\d{1,5}[ -]?\d{1,7}[ -]?\d{1,6}[ -]?(\d|X)$`.

| external_xref         |   usages_count | usages                                                          |
|-----------------------|----------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------|
| `ISBN:0-8493-15-67-0` |              1 | [IDOMAL:0000783](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/IDOMAL_0000783) |
| `ISBN:0-412-40180-0:` |              1 | [IDOMAL:0002188](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/IDOMAL_0002188) |

## `NCI`: NCI Thesaurus

Overall, there were 1 invalid
xrefs to external prefixed with `NCI` (standardized to Bioregistry
prefix [`ncit`](https://bioregistry.io/ncit)) that
did not match the standard pattern `^[CRPA]\d+$`.

| external_xref   |   usages_count | usages                                                            |
|-----------------|----------------|-------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `NCI:Thesaurus` |              1 | [IDOMAL:50000048](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/IDOMAL_50000048) |

Commit message:

Rebuild analysis
There is some ongoing work to be done on extracting versions

docs/invalids/source/idomal.md, after:

# idomal

This document details the invalid local unique identifiers used in CURIEs
for node, synonym, and definition cross-references in `idomal`. See the [GitHub repository](https://github.com/VEuPathDB-ontology/IDOMAL).


## `BFO`: Basic Formal Ontology

Overall, there were 1 invalid
xrefs to external prefixed with `BFO` (standardized to Bioregistry
prefix [`bfo`](https://bioregistry.io/bfo)) that
did not match the standard pattern `^\d{7}$`.

| external_xref   |   usages_count | usages                                                          |
|-----------------|----------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------|
| `BFO:SNAP`      |              1 | [IDOMAL:0000002](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/IDOMAL_0000002) |

## `CARO`: Common Anatomy Reference Ontology

Overall, there were 1 invalid
xrefs to external prefixed with `CARO` (standardized to Bioregistry
prefix [`caro`](https://bioregistry.io/caro)) that
did not match the standard pattern `^\d{7}$`.

| external_xref   |   usages_count | usages                                                          |
|-----------------|----------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------|
| `CARO:00000041` |              1 | [IDOMAL:0002461](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/IDOMAL_0002461) |

## `IDO`: Infectious Disease Ontology

Overall, there were 6 invalid
xrefs to external prefixed with `IDO` (standardized to Bioregistry
prefix [`ido`](https://bioregistry.io/ido)) that
did not match the standard pattern `^\d{7}$`.

| external_xref   |   usages_count | usages                                                          |
|-----------------|----------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------|
| `IDO:581`       |              1 | [IDOMAL:0000028](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/IDOMAL_0000028) |
| `IDO:424`       |              1 | [IDOMAL:0000058](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/IDOMAL_0000058) |
| `IDO:405`       |              1 | [IDOMAL:0000063](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/IDOMAL_0000063) |
| `IDO:447`       |              1 | [IDOMAL:0000352](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/IDOMAL_0000352) |
| `IDO:443`       |              1 | [IDOMAL:0000995](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/IDOMAL_0000995) |
| `IDO:497`       |              1 | [IDOMAL:0001039](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/IDOMAL_0001039) |

## `ido`: Infectious Disease Ontology

Overall, there were 1 invalid
xrefs to external prefixed with `ido` (standardized to Bioregistry
prefix [`ido`](https://bioregistry.io/ido)) that
did not match the standard pattern `^\d{7}$`.

| external_xref   |   usages_count | usages                                                          |
|-----------------|----------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------|
| `ido:1`         |              1 | [IDOMAL:0000128](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/IDOMAL_0000128) |

## `ISBN`: International Standard Book Number

Overall, there were 2 invalid
xrefs to external prefixed with `ISBN` (standardized to Bioregistry
prefix [`isbn`](https://bioregistry.io/isbn)) that
did not match the standard pattern `^(ISBN)?(-13|-10)?[:]?[ ]?(\d{2,3}[ -]?)?\d{1,5}[ -]?\d{1,7}[ -]?\d{1,6}[ -]?(\d|X)$`.

| external_xref         |   usages_count | usages                                                          |
|-----------------------|----------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------|
| `ISBN:0-8493-15-67-0` |              1 | [IDOMAL:0000783](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/IDOMAL_0000783) |
| `ISBN:0-412-40180-0:` |              1 | [IDOMAL:0002188](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/IDOMAL_0002188) |

## `NCI`: NCI Thesaurus

Overall, there were 1 invalid
xrefs to external prefixed with `NCI` (standardized to Bioregistry
prefix [`ncit`](https://bioregistry.io/ncit)) that
did not match the standard pattern `^[CRPA]\d+$`.

| external_xref   |   usages_count | usages                                                            |
|-----------------|----------------|-------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `NCI:Thesaurus` |              1 | [IDOMAL:50000048](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/IDOMAL_50000048) |
