docs/unknowns/source/zfa.md, before:

# zfa

## `GOC`

There are 1 usages of `GOC` in `zfa`.
If you are knowledgeable about this prefix, please consider submitting a new prefix
request to the Bioregistry [here](https://github.com/biopragmatics/bioregistry/issues/new?assignees=cthoyt&labels=New%2CPrefix&template=new-prefix.yml&title=%5BResource%5D%3A%20GOC).

| curie   |   usages | nodes                                                     |
|---------|----------|-----------------------------------------------------------|
| GOC:ymb |        1 | [ZFA:0000935](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/ZFA_0000935) |

## `IBSN`

There are 1 usages of `IBSN` in `zfa`.
If you are knowledgeable about this prefix, please consider submitting a new prefix
request to the Bioregistry [here](https://github.com/biopragmatics/bioregistry/issues/new?assignees=cthoyt&labels=New%2CPrefix&template=new-prefix.yml&title=%5BResource%5D%3A%20IBSN).

| curie           |   usages | nodes                                                     |
|-----------------|----------|-----------------------------------------------------------|
| IBSN:0781765196 |        1 | [ZFA:0009334](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/ZFA_0009334) |

## `ORDCiD`

There are 1 usages of `ORDCiD` in `zfa`.
If you are knowledgeable about this prefix, please consider submitting a new prefix
request to the Bioregistry [here](https://github.com/biopragmatics/bioregistry/issues/new?assignees=cthoyt&labels=New%2CPrefix&template=new-prefix.yml&title=%5BResource%5D%3A%20ORDCiD).

| curie                      |   usages | nodes                                                     |
|----------------------------|----------|-----------------------------------------------------------|
| ORDCiD:0000-0002-2244-7917 |        1 | [ZFA:0005872](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/ZFA_0005872) |

## `ORDiD`

There are 1 usages of `ORDiD` in `zfa`.
If you are knowledgeable about this prefix, please consider submitting a new prefix
request to the Bioregistry [here](https://github.com/biopragmatics/bioregistry/issues/new?assignees=cthoyt&labels=New%2CPrefix&template=new-prefix.yml&title=%5BResource%5D%3A%20ORDiD).

| curie                     |   usages | nodes                                                     |
|---------------------------|----------|-----------------------------------------------------------|
| ORDiD:0000-0002-9900-7880 |        1 | [ZFA:0007121](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/ZFA_0007121) |

## `SANBI`

There are 1 usages of `SANBI` in `zfa`.
If you are knowledgeable about this prefix, please consider submitting a new prefix
request to the Bioregistry [here](https://github.com/biopragmatics/bioregistry/issues/new?assignees=cthoyt&labels=New%2CPrefix&template=new-prefix.yml&title=%5BResource%5D%3A%20SANBI).

| curie         |   usages | nodes                                                                                                                |
|---------------|----------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| SANBI:curator |        2 | [ZFA:0009097](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/ZFA_0009097), [ZFA:0009269](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/ZFA_0009269) |

## `TAIR`

There are 1 usages of `TAIR` in `zfa`.
If you are knowledgeable about this prefix, please consider submitting a new prefix
request to the Bioregistry [here](https://github.com/biopragmatics/bioregistry/issues/new?assignees=cthoyt&labels=New%2CPrefix&template=new-prefix.yml&title=%5BResource%5D%3A%20TAIR).

| curie   |   usages | nodes                                                     |
|---------|----------|-----------------------------------------------------------|
| TAIR:sr |        1 | [ZFA:0005745](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/ZFA_0005745) |

## `ZDB`

There are 1 usages of `ZDB` in `zfa`.
If you are knowledgeable about this prefix, please consider submitting a new prefix
request to the Bioregistry [here](https://github.com/biopragmatics/bioregistry/issues/new?assignees=cthoyt&labels=New%2CPrefix&template=new-prefix.yml&title=%5BResource%5D%3A%20ZDB).

| curie                 |   usages | nodes                                                     |
|-----------------------|----------|-----------------------------------------------------------|
| ZDB:ZDB-PUB-031103-13 |        1 | [ZFA:0001165](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/ZFA_0001165) |

## `goc`

There are 1 usages of `goc` in `zfa`.
If you are knowledgeable about this prefix, please consider submitting a new prefix
request to the Bioregistry [here](https://github.com/biopragmatics/bioregistry/issues/new?assignees=cthoyt&labels=New%2CPrefix&template=new-prefix.yml&title=%5BResource%5D%3A%20goc).

| curie   |   usages | nodes                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      |
|---------|----------|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| goc:cvs |        4 | [ZFA:0005945](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/ZFA_0005945), [ZFA:0005946](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/ZFA_0005946), [ZFA:0005947](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/ZFA_0005947), [ZFA:0005948](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/ZFA_0005948) |

Commit message:

Rebuild analysis
There is some ongoing work to be done on extracting versions

docs/unknowns/source/zfa.md, after:

# zfa

## `CVS`

There are 1 usages of `CVS` in `zfa`.
If you are knowledgeable about this prefix, please consider submitting a new prefix
request to the Bioregistry [here](https://github.com/biopragmatics/bioregistry/issues/new?assignees=cthoyt&labels=New%2CPrefix&template=new-prefix.yml&title=%5BResource%5D%3A%20CVS).

| curie                   |   usages | nodes                                                     |
|-------------------------|----------|-----------------------------------------------------------|
| CVS:0000-0002-2244-7917 |        1 | [ZFA:0009203](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/ZFA_0009203) |

## `GOC`

There are 1 usages of `GOC` in `zfa`.
If you are knowledgeable about this prefix, please consider submitting a new prefix
request to the Bioregistry [here](https://github.com/biopragmatics/bioregistry/issues/new?assignees=cthoyt&labels=New%2CPrefix&template=new-prefix.yml&title=%5BResource%5D%3A%20GOC).

| curie   |   usages | nodes                                                     |
|---------|----------|-----------------------------------------------------------|
| GOC:ymb |        1 | [ZFA:0000935](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/ZFA_0000935) |

## `IBSN`

There are 1 usages of `IBSN` in `zfa`.
If you are knowledgeable about this prefix, please consider submitting a new prefix
request to the Bioregistry [here](https://github.com/biopragmatics/bioregistry/issues/new?assignees=cthoyt&labels=New%2CPrefix&template=new-prefix.yml&title=%5BResource%5D%3A%20IBSN).

| curie           |   usages | nodes                                                     |
|-----------------|----------|-----------------------------------------------------------|
| IBSN:0781765196 |        1 | [ZFA:0009334](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/ZFA_0009334) |

## `ORDCiD`

There are 1 usages of `ORDCiD` in `zfa`.
If you are knowledgeable about this prefix, please consider submitting a new prefix
request to the Bioregistry [here](https://github.com/biopragmatics/bioregistry/issues/new?assignees=cthoyt&labels=New%2CPrefix&template=new-prefix.yml&title=%5BResource%5D%3A%20ORDCiD).

| curie                      |   usages | nodes                                                     |
|----------------------------|----------|-----------------------------------------------------------|
| ORDCiD:0000-0002-2244-7917 |        1 | [ZFA:0005872](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/ZFA_0005872) |

## `ORDiD`

There are 1 usages of `ORDiD` in `zfa`.
If you are knowledgeable about this prefix, please consider submitting a new prefix
request to the Bioregistry [here](https://github.com/biopragmatics/bioregistry/issues/new?assignees=cthoyt&labels=New%2CPrefix&template=new-prefix.yml&title=%5BResource%5D%3A%20ORDiD).

| curie                     |   usages | nodes                                                     |
|---------------------------|----------|-----------------------------------------------------------|
| ORDiD:0000-0002-9900-7880 |        1 | [ZFA:0007121](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/ZFA_0007121) |

## `SANBI`

There are 1 usages of `SANBI` in `zfa`.
If you are knowledgeable about this prefix, please consider submitting a new prefix
request to the Bioregistry [here](https://github.com/biopragmatics/bioregistry/issues/new?assignees=cthoyt&labels=New%2CPrefix&template=new-prefix.yml&title=%5BResource%5D%3A%20SANBI).

| curie         |   usages | nodes                                                                                                                |
|---------------|----------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| SANBI:curator |        2 | [ZFA:0009097](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/ZFA_0009097), [ZFA:0009269](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/ZFA_0009269) |

## `TAIR`

There are 1 usages of `TAIR` in `zfa`.
If you are knowledgeable about this prefix, please consider submitting a new prefix
request to the Bioregistry [here](https://github.com/biopragmatics/bioregistry/issues/new?assignees=cthoyt&labels=New%2CPrefix&template=new-prefix.yml&title=%5BResource%5D%3A%20TAIR).

| curie   |   usages | nodes                                                     |
|---------|----------|-----------------------------------------------------------|
| TAIR:sr |        1 | [ZFA:0005745](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/ZFA_0005745) |

## `ZDB`

There are 1 usages of `ZDB` in `zfa`.
If you are knowledgeable about this prefix, please consider submitting a new prefix
request to the Bioregistry [here](https://github.com/biopragmatics/bioregistry/issues/new?assignees=cthoyt&labels=New%2CPrefix&template=new-prefix.yml&title=%5BResource%5D%3A%20ZDB).

| curie                 |   usages | nodes                                                     |
|-----------------------|----------|-----------------------------------------------------------|
| ZDB:ZDB-PUB-031103-13 |        1 | [ZFA:0001165](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/ZFA_0001165) |

## `goc`

There are 1 usages of `goc` in `zfa`.
If you are knowledgeable about this prefix, please consider submitting a new prefix
request to the Bioregistry [here](https://github.com/biopragmatics/bioregistry/issues/new?assignees=cthoyt&labels=New%2CPrefix&template=new-prefix.yml&title=%5BResource%5D%3A%20goc).

| curie   |   usages | nodes                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      |
|---------|----------|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| goc:cvs |        4 | [ZFA:0005945](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/ZFA_0005945), [ZFA:0005946](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/ZFA_0005946), [ZFA:0005947](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/ZFA_0005947), [ZFA:0005948](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/ZFA_0005948) |
