docs/invalids/prefix/obi.md, before:

# [`obi`](https://bioregistry.io/obi): Ontology for Biomedical Investigations

This page summarize the different resources that reference `obi`
but use local unique identifiers that do not match the standard pattern of
`^\d{7}$`. Of the 6 resources,
2 variants on the standard prefix were found: ['OBI', 'obi'].

## `efo`: Experimental Factor Ontology

Identifiers for this prefix are given incorrectly in `efo`. See the [GitHub repository](https://github.com/EBISPOT/efo/).

| external_xref     |   usages_count | usages                                              |
|-------------------|----------------|-----------------------------------------------------|
| `OBI:OBI_1110054` |              1 | [EFO:0005140](http://www.ebi.ac.uk/efo/EFO_0005140) |

## `enm`: eNanoMapper Ontology

Identifiers for this prefix are given incorrectly in `enm`.

| external_xref   |   usages_count | usages                                                    |
|-----------------|----------------|-----------------------------------------------------------|
| `obi:pppb`      |              1 | [OBI:0000070](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/OBI_0000070) |

## `geno`: Genotype Ontology

Identifiers for this prefix are given incorrectly in `geno`. See the [GitHub repository](https://github.com/monarch-initiative/GENO-ontology).

| external_xref                                   |   usages_count | usages                                                      |
|-------------------------------------------------|----------------|-------------------------------------------------------------|
| `OBI:genetic population background information` |              1 | [GENO:0000010](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/GENO_0000010) |

## `pato`: Phenotype And Trait Ontology

Identifiers for this prefix are given incorrectly in `pato`. See the [GitHub repository](https://github.com/pato-ontology/pato).

| external_xref   |   usages_count | usages                                                      |
|-----------------|----------------|-------------------------------------------------------------|
| `OBI:OBI`       |              1 | [PATO:0001985](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/PATO_0001985) |

## `pride`: PRIDE Controlled Vocabulary

Identifiers for this prefix are given incorrectly in `pride`. See the [GitHub repository](https://github.com/PRIDE-Utilities/pride-ontology).

| external_xref   |   usages_count | usages                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     |
|-----------------|----------------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `obi:bp`        |              6 | [OBI:0000094](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/OBI_0000094), [OBI:0000417](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/OBI_0000417), [OBI:0000443](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/OBI_0000443), [OBI:0000796](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/OBI_0000796), [OBI:0000838](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/OBI_0000838), ... |
| `obi:prs`       |              6 | [OBI:0000094](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/OBI_0000094), [OBI:0000443](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/OBI_0000443), [OBI:0302886](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/OBI_0302886), [OBI:0302888](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/OBI_0302888), [OBI:0302893](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/OBI_0302893), ... |
| `obi:pppb`      |              2 | [OBI:0000070](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/OBI_0000070), [OBI:0000185](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/OBI_0000185)                                                                                                                                                                                       |
| `obi:mc`        |              2 | [OBI:0000094](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/OBI_0000094), [OBI:0200051](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/OBI_0200051)                                                                                                                                                                                       |
| `obi:ar`        |              2 | [OBI:0000417](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/OBI_0000417), [OBI:0000443](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/OBI_0000443)                                                                                                                                                                                       |
| `obi:hp`        |              2 | [OBI:0000443](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/OBI_0000443), [OBI:0001032](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/OBI_0001032)                                                                                                                                                                                       |
| `obi:es`        |              2 | [OBI:0001061](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/OBI_0001061), [OBI:0001138](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/OBI_0001138)                                                                                                                                                                                       |
| `obi:jq`        |              2 | [OBI:0400064](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/OBI_0400064), [OBI:0400065](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/OBI_0400065)                                                                                                                                                                                       |
| `obi:fg`        |              1 | [OBI:0000094](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/OBI_0000094)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  |
| `obi:jf`        |              1 | [OBI:0000094](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/OBI_0000094)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  |
| `obi:ppb`       |              1 | [OBI:0000443](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/OBI_0000443)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  |
| `obi:IEDB`      |              1 | [OBI:0000661](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/OBI_0000661)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  |
| `obi:obi`       |              1 | [OBI:0000968](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/OBI_0000968)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  |
| `obi:EAGLE-I`   |              1 | [OBI:0001042](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/OBI_0001042)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  |
| `obi:em`        |              1 | [OBI:0200051](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/OBI_0200051)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  |
| `obi:jm`        |              1 | [OBI:0200051](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/OBI_0200051)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  |

## `uberon`: Uber Anatomy Ontology

Identifiers for this prefix are given incorrectly in `uberon`. See the [GitHub repository](https://github.com/obophenotype/uberon).

| external_xref   |   usages_count | usages                                                          |
|-----------------|----------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------|
| `OBI:MC`        |              1 | [UBERON:0012125](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/UBERON_0012125) |

Commit message:

Add PR analysis
CC @nataled this was excluded because there are so many messages that the data file for PR is over 100MB... for now I will git ignore it but include the analysis

docs/invalids/prefix/obi.md, after:

# [`obi`](https://bioregistry.io/obi): Ontology for Biomedical Investigations

This page summarize the different resources that reference `obi`
but use local unique identifiers that do not match the standard pattern of
`^\d{7}$`. Of the 7 resources,
2 variants on the standard prefix were found: ['OBI', 'obi'].

## `efo`: Experimental Factor Ontology

Identifiers for this prefix are given incorrectly in `efo`. See the [GitHub repository](https://github.com/EBISPOT/efo/).

| external_xref     |   usages_count | usages                                              |
|-------------------|----------------|-----------------------------------------------------|
| `OBI:OBI_1110054` |              1 | [EFO:0005140](http://www.ebi.ac.uk/efo/EFO_0005140) |

## `enm`: eNanoMapper Ontology

Identifiers for this prefix are given incorrectly in `enm`.

| external_xref   |   usages_count | usages                                                    |
|-----------------|----------------|-----------------------------------------------------------|
| `obi:pppb`      |              1 | [OBI:0000070](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/OBI_0000070) |

## `geno`: Genotype Ontology

Identifiers for this prefix are given incorrectly in `geno`. See the [GitHub repository](https://github.com/monarch-initiative/GENO-ontology).

| external_xref                                   |   usages_count | usages                                                      |
|-------------------------------------------------|----------------|-------------------------------------------------------------|
| `OBI:genetic population background information` |              1 | [GENO:0000010](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/GENO_0000010) |

## `pato`: Phenotype And Trait Ontology

Identifiers for this prefix are given incorrectly in `pato`. See the [GitHub repository](https://github.com/pato-ontology/pato).

| external_xref   |   usages_count | usages                                                      |
|-----------------|----------------|-------------------------------------------------------------|
| `OBI:OBI`       |              1 | [PATO:0001985](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/PATO_0001985) |

## `pr`: Protein Ontology

Identifiers for this prefix are given incorrectly in `pr`. See the [GitHub repository](https://github.com/PROconsortium/PRoteinOntology).

| external_xref   |   usages_count | usages                                                      |
|-----------------|----------------|-------------------------------------------------------------|
| `OBI:BP`        |              1 | [PR:000050098](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/PR_000050098) |

## `pride`: PRIDE Controlled Vocabulary

Identifiers for this prefix are given incorrectly in `pride`. See the [GitHub repository](https://github.com/PRIDE-Utilities/pride-ontology).

| external_xref   |   usages_count | usages                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     |
|-----------------|----------------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `obi:bp`        |              6 | [OBI:0000094](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/OBI_0000094), [OBI:0000417](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/OBI_0000417), [OBI:0000443](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/OBI_0000443), [OBI:0000796](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/OBI_0000796), [OBI:0000838](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/OBI_0000838), ... |
| `obi:prs`       |              6 | [OBI:0000094](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/OBI_0000094), [OBI:0000443](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/OBI_0000443), [OBI:0302886](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/OBI_0302886), [OBI:0302888](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/OBI_0302888), [OBI:0302893](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/OBI_0302893), ... |
| `obi:pppb`      |              2 | [OBI:0000070](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/OBI_0000070), [OBI:0000185](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/OBI_0000185)                                                                                                                                                                                       |
| `obi:mc`        |              2 | [OBI:0000094](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/OBI_0000094), [OBI:0200051](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/OBI_0200051)                                                                                                                                                                                       |
| `obi:ar`        |              2 | [OBI:0000417](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/OBI_0000417), [OBI:0000443](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/OBI_0000443)                                                                                                                                                                                       |
| `obi:hp`        |              2 | [OBI:0000443](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/OBI_0000443), [OBI:0001032](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/OBI_0001032)                                                                                                                                                                                       |
| `obi:es`        |              2 | [OBI:0001061](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/OBI_0001061), [OBI:0001138](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/OBI_0001138)                                                                                                                                                                                       |
| `obi:jq`        |              2 | [OBI:0400064](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/OBI_0400064), [OBI:0400065](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/OBI_0400065)                                                                                                                                                                                       |
| `obi:fg`        |              1 | [OBI:0000094](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/OBI_0000094)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  |
| `obi:jf`        |              1 | [OBI:0000094](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/OBI_0000094)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  |
| `obi:ppb`       |              1 | [OBI:0000443](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/OBI_0000443)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  |
| `obi:IEDB`      |              1 | [OBI:0000661](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/OBI_0000661)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  |
| `obi:obi`       |              1 | [OBI:0000968](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/OBI_0000968)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  |
| `obi:EAGLE-I`   |              1 | [OBI:0001042](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/OBI_0001042)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  |
| `obi:em`        |              1 | [OBI:0200051](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/OBI_0200051)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  |
| `obi:jm`        |              1 | [OBI:0200051](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/OBI_0200051)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  |

## `uberon`: Uber Anatomy Ontology

Identifiers for this prefix are given incorrectly in `uberon`. See the [GitHub repository](https://github.com/obophenotype/uberon).

| external_xref   |   usages_count | usages                                                          |
|-----------------|----------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------|
| `OBI:MC`        |              1 | [UBERON:0012125](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/UBERON_0012125) |
