docs/invalids/prefix/orphanet.md, before:

# [`orphanet`](https://bioregistry.io/orphanet): Orphanet

This page summarize the different resources that reference `orphanet`
but use local unique identifiers that do not match the standard pattern of
`^\d+$`. Of the 1 resources,
1 variants on the standard prefix were found: ['Orphanet'].

## `mondo`: Mondo Disease Ontology

Identifiers for this prefix are given incorrectly in `mondo`. See the [GitHub repository](https://github.com/monarch-initiative/mondo).

| external_xref                |   usages_count | usages                                                                                                                       |
|------------------------------|----------------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `Orphanet:189427-definition` |              2 | [MONDO:0009049](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/MONDO_0009049), [MONDO:0020735](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/MONDO_0020735) |
| `Orphanet:189-text`          |              1 | [MONDO:0007510](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/MONDO_0007510)                                                                |
| `Orphanet:890-text`          |              1 | [MONDO:0019514](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/MONDO_0019514)                                                                |

Commit message:

Manually update
References https://github.com/obophenotype/uberon/issues/2205#issuecomment-1842820940, cc @anitacaron

However, http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/uberon.json points to http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/uberon/releases/2023-10-27/uberon.json, which is pretty old. If you make a new release, I can re-run this

docs/invalids/prefix/orphanet.md, after:

# [`orphanet`](https://bioregistry.io/orphanet): Orphanet

This page summarize the different resources that reference `orphanet`
but use local unique identifiers that do not match the standard pattern of
`^\d+$`. Of the 2 resources,
1 variants on the standard prefix were found: ['Orphanet'].

## `efo`: Experimental Factor Ontology

Identifiers for this prefix are given incorrectly in `efo`. See the [GitHub repository](https://github.com/EBISPOT/efo/).

| external_xref                |   usages_count | usages                                              |
|------------------------------|----------------|-----------------------------------------------------|
| `Orphanet:189427-definition` |              1 | [EFO:0009041](http://www.ebi.ac.uk/efo/EFO_0009041) |

## `mondo`: Mondo Disease Ontology

Identifiers for this prefix are given incorrectly in `mondo`. See the [GitHub repository](https://github.com/monarch-initiative/mondo).

| external_xref                |   usages_count | usages                                                                                                                       |
|------------------------------|----------------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `Orphanet:189427-definition` |              2 | [MONDO:0009049](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/MONDO_0009049), [MONDO:0020735](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/MONDO_0020735) |
| `Orphanet:189-text`          |              1 | [MONDO:0007510](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/MONDO_0007510)                                                                |
| `Orphanet:890-text`          |              1 | [MONDO:0019514](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/MONDO_0019514)                                                                |
