docs/invalids/prefix/pombase.md, before:

# [`pombase`](https://bioregistry.io/pombase): PomBase

This page summarize the different resources that reference `pombase`
but use local unique identifiers that do not match the standard pattern of
`^S\w+(\.)?\w+(\.)?$`. Of the 4 resources,
3 variants on the standard prefix were found: ['POMBASE', 'PomBase', 'Pombase'].

## `cmpo`: Cellular Microscopy Phenotype Ontology

Identifiers for this prefix are given incorrectly in `cmpo`.

| external_xref   |   usages_count | usages                                                                           |
|-----------------|----------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `PomBase:mah`   |              1 | [http://www.ebi.ac.uk/cmpo/CMPO_0000430](http://www.ebi.ac.uk/cmpo/CMPO_0000430) |

## `eco`: Evidence ontology

Identifiers for this prefix are given incorrectly in `eco`. See the [GitHub repository](https://github.com/evidenceontology/evidenceontology).

| external_xref   |   usages_count | usages                                                    |
|-----------------|----------------|-----------------------------------------------------------|
| `PomBase:MAH`   |              1 | [ECO:0000095](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/ECO_0000095) |

## `fypo`: Fission Yeast Phenotype Ontology

Identifiers for this prefix are given incorrectly in `fypo`. See the [GitHub repository](https://github.com/pombase/fypo).

| external_xref   |   usages_count | usages                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               |
|-----------------|----------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `PomBase:mah`   |          14845 | [FYPO:0000001](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/FYPO_0000001), [FYPO:0000001](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/FYPO_0000001), [FYPO:0000002](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/FYPO_0000002), [FYPO:0000002](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/FYPO_0000002), [FYPO:0000003](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/FYPO_0000003), ... |
| `PomBase:vw`    |           1969 | [FYPO:0000012](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/FYPO_0000012), [FYPO:0000013](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/FYPO_0000013), [FYPO:0000014](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/FYPO_0000014), [FYPO:0000016](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/FYPO_0000016), [FYPO:0000017](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/FYPO_0000017), ... |
| `PomBase:al`    |           1076 | [FYPO:0000006](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/FYPO_0000006), [FYPO:0000061](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/FYPO_0000061), [FYPO:0000090](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/FYPO_0000090), [FYPO:0000102](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/FYPO_0000102), [FYPO:0000108](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/FYPO_0000108), ... |
| `PomBase:jh`    |             93 | [FYPO:0000129](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/FYPO_0000129), [FYPO:0000229](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/FYPO_0000229), [FYPO:0000241](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/FYPO_0000241), [FYPO:0000284](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/FYPO_0000284), [FYPO:0000316](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/FYPO_0000316), ... |
| `Pombase:vw`    |             29 | [FYPO:0002440](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/FYPO_0002440), [FYPO:0003290](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/FYPO_0003290), [FYPO:0004022](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/FYPO_0004022), [FYPO:0004086](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/FYPO_0004086), [FYPO:0004159](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/FYPO_0004159), ... |
| `PomBase:val`   |             22 | [FYPO:0000901](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/FYPO_0000901), [FYPO:0000901](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/FYPO_0000901), [FYPO:0007902](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/FYPO_0007902), [FYPO:0007903](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/FYPO_0007903), [FYPO:0007906](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/FYPO_0007906), ... |
| `PomBase:mlr`   |              9 | [FYPO:0007955](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/FYPO_0007955), [FYPO:0007957](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/FYPO_0007957), [FYPO:0007957](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/FYPO_0007957), [FYPO:0007959](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/FYPO_0007959), [FYPO:0007960](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/FYPO_0007960), ... |
| `Pombase:al`    |              6 | [FYPO:0004989](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/FYPO_0004989), [FYPO:0005527](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/FYPO_0005527), [FYPO:0005528](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/FYPO_0005528), [FYPO:0006260](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/FYPO_0006260), [FYPO:0007084](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/FYPO_0007084), ... |
| `Pombase:mah`   |              4 | [FYPO:0005385](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/FYPO_0005385), [FYPO:0005396](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/FYPO_0005396), [FYPO:0006770](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/FYPO_0006770), [FYPO:0007288](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/FYPO_0007288)                                                                   |
| `PomBase:amc`   |              3 | [FYPO:0004251](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/FYPO_0004251), [FYPO:0006087](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/FYPO_0006087), [FYPO:0006318](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/FYPO_0006318)                                                                                                                                |
| `PomBase:mp`    |              2 | [FYPO:0001404](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/FYPO_0001404), [FYPO:0001405](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/FYPO_0001405)                                                                                                                                                                                             |
| `PomBase:gs`    |              2 | [FYPO:0002484](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/FYPO_0002484), [FYPO:0002485](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/FYPO_0002485)                                                                                                                                                                                             |
| `PomBase:ch`    |              1 | [FYPO:0000153](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/FYPO_0000153)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          |
| `PomBase:pr`    |              1 | [FYPO:0005334](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/FYPO_0005334)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          |
| `PomBase:mahle` |              1 | [FYPO:0007633](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/FYPO_0007633)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          |
| `PomBase:sm`    |              1 | [FYPO:0007683](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/FYPO_0007683)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          |

## `so`: Sequence types and features ontology

Identifiers for this prefix are given incorrectly in `so`. See the [GitHub repository](https://github.com/The-Sequence-Ontology/SO-Ontologies).

| external_xref   |   usages_count | usages                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           |
|-----------------|----------------|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `PomBase:mah`   |              6 | [SO:0001808](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/SO_0001808), [SO:0001811](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/SO_0001811), [SO:0001812](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/SO_0001812), [SO:0001813](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/SO_0001813), [SO:0001905](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/SO_0001905), ... |
| `PomBase:al`    |              3 | [SO:0000370](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/SO_0000370), [SO:0002022](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/SO_0002022), [SO:0002207](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/SO_0002207)                                                                                                                        |
| `PomBase:vw`    |              2 | [SO:0002025](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/SO_0002025), [SO:0002215](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/SO_0002215)                                                                                                                                                                                 |
| `POMBASE:mah`   |              2 | [SO:0002027](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/SO_0002027), [SO:0002028](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/SO_0002028)                                                                                                                                                                                 |
| `POMBASE:vw`    |              1 | [SO:0002029](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/SO_0002029)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          |
| `PomBase:mh`    |              1 | [SO:0002208](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/SO_0002208)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          |

Commit message:

Add PR analysis
CC @nataled this was excluded because there are so many messages that the data file for PR is over 100MB... for now I will git ignore it but include the analysis

docs/invalids/prefix/pombase.md, after:

# [`pombase`](https://bioregistry.io/pombase): PomBase

This page summarize the different resources that reference `pombase`
but use local unique identifiers that do not match the standard pattern of
`^S\w+(\.)?\w+(\.)?$`. Of the 5 resources,
3 variants on the standard prefix were found: ['POMBASE', 'PomBase', 'Pombase'].

## `cmpo`: Cellular Microscopy Phenotype Ontology

Identifiers for this prefix are given incorrectly in `cmpo`.

| external_xref   |   usages_count | usages                                                                           |
|-----------------|----------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `PomBase:mah`   |              1 | [http://www.ebi.ac.uk/cmpo/CMPO_0000430](http://www.ebi.ac.uk/cmpo/CMPO_0000430) |

## `eco`: Evidence ontology

Identifiers for this prefix are given incorrectly in `eco`. See the [GitHub repository](https://github.com/evidenceontology/evidenceontology).

| external_xref   |   usages_count | usages                                                    |
|-----------------|----------------|-----------------------------------------------------------|
| `PomBase:MAH`   |              1 | [ECO:0000095](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/ECO_0000095) |

## `fypo`: Fission Yeast Phenotype Ontology

Identifiers for this prefix are given incorrectly in `fypo`. See the [GitHub repository](https://github.com/pombase/fypo).

| external_xref   |   usages_count | usages                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               |
|-----------------|----------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `PomBase:mah`   |          14845 | [FYPO:0000001](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/FYPO_0000001), [FYPO:0000001](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/FYPO_0000001), [FYPO:0000002](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/FYPO_0000002), [FYPO:0000002](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/FYPO_0000002), [FYPO:0000003](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/FYPO_0000003), ... |
| `PomBase:vw`    |           1969 | [FYPO:0000012](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/FYPO_0000012), [FYPO:0000013](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/FYPO_0000013), [FYPO:0000014](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/FYPO_0000014), [FYPO:0000016](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/FYPO_0000016), [FYPO:0000017](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/FYPO_0000017), ... |
| `PomBase:al`    |           1076 | [FYPO:0000006](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/FYPO_0000006), [FYPO:0000061](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/FYPO_0000061), [FYPO:0000090](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/FYPO_0000090), [FYPO:0000102](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/FYPO_0000102), [FYPO:0000108](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/FYPO_0000108), ... |
| `PomBase:jh`    |             93 | [FYPO:0000129](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/FYPO_0000129), [FYPO:0000229](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/FYPO_0000229), [FYPO:0000241](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/FYPO_0000241), [FYPO:0000284](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/FYPO_0000284), [FYPO:0000316](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/FYPO_0000316), ... |
| `Pombase:vw`    |             29 | [FYPO:0002440](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/FYPO_0002440), [FYPO:0003290](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/FYPO_0003290), [FYPO:0004022](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/FYPO_0004022), [FYPO:0004086](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/FYPO_0004086), [FYPO:0004159](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/FYPO_0004159), ... |
| `PomBase:val`   |             22 | [FYPO:0000901](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/FYPO_0000901), [FYPO:0000901](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/FYPO_0000901), [FYPO:0007902](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/FYPO_0007902), [FYPO:0007903](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/FYPO_0007903), [FYPO:0007906](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/FYPO_0007906), ... |
| `PomBase:mlr`   |              9 | [FYPO:0007955](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/FYPO_0007955), [FYPO:0007957](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/FYPO_0007957), [FYPO:0007957](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/FYPO_0007957), [FYPO:0007959](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/FYPO_0007959), [FYPO:0007960](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/FYPO_0007960), ... |
| `Pombase:al`    |              6 | [FYPO:0004989](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/FYPO_0004989), [FYPO:0005527](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/FYPO_0005527), [FYPO:0005528](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/FYPO_0005528), [FYPO:0006260](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/FYPO_0006260), [FYPO:0007084](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/FYPO_0007084), ... |
| `Pombase:mah`   |              4 | [FYPO:0005385](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/FYPO_0005385), [FYPO:0005396](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/FYPO_0005396), [FYPO:0006770](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/FYPO_0006770), [FYPO:0007288](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/FYPO_0007288)                                                                   |
| `PomBase:amc`   |              3 | [FYPO:0004251](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/FYPO_0004251), [FYPO:0006087](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/FYPO_0006087), [FYPO:0006318](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/FYPO_0006318)                                                                                                                                |
| `PomBase:mp`    |              2 | [FYPO:0001404](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/FYPO_0001404), [FYPO:0001405](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/FYPO_0001405)                                                                                                                                                                                             |
| `PomBase:gs`    |              2 | [FYPO:0002484](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/FYPO_0002484), [FYPO:0002485](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/FYPO_0002485)                                                                                                                                                                                             |
| `PomBase:ch`    |              1 | [FYPO:0000153](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/FYPO_0000153)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          |
| `PomBase:pr`    |              1 | [FYPO:0005334](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/FYPO_0005334)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          |
| `PomBase:mahle` |              1 | [FYPO:0007633](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/FYPO_0007633)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          |
| `PomBase:sm`    |              1 | [FYPO:0007683](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/FYPO_0007683)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          |

## `pr`: Protein Ontology

Identifiers for this prefix are given incorrectly in `pr`. See the [GitHub repository](https://github.com/PROconsortium/PRoteinOntology).

| external_xref   |   usages_count | usages                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               |
|-----------------|----------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `PomBase:VW`    |            103 | [PR:000036912](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/PR_000036912), [PR:000037031](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/PR_000037031), [PR:000037033](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/PR_000037033), [PR:000044611](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/PR_000044611), [PR:000044612](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/PR_000044612), ... |
| `PomBase:MAH`   |             91 | [PR:000027503](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/PR_000027503), [PR:000027509](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/PR_000027509), [PR:000027512](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/PR_000027512), [PR:000027516](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/PR_000027516), [PR:000027520](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/PR_000027520), ... |
| `PomBase:AL`    |              8 | [PR:000028992](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/PR_000028992), [PR:000036915](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/PR_000036915), [PR:000037296](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/PR_000037296), [PR:000037297](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/PR_000037297), [PR:000037316](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/PR_000037316), ... |

## `so`: Sequence types and features ontology

Identifiers for this prefix are given incorrectly in `so`. See the [GitHub repository](https://github.com/The-Sequence-Ontology/SO-Ontologies).

| external_xref   |   usages_count | usages                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           |
|-----------------|----------------|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `PomBase:mah`   |              6 | [SO:0001808](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/SO_0001808), [SO:0001811](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/SO_0001811), [SO:0001812](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/SO_0001812), [SO:0001813](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/SO_0001813), [SO:0001905](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/SO_0001905), ... |
| `PomBase:al`    |              3 | [SO:0000370](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/SO_0000370), [SO:0002022](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/SO_0002022), [SO:0002207](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/SO_0002207)                                                                                                                        |
| `PomBase:vw`    |              2 | [SO:0002025](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/SO_0002025), [SO:0002215](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/SO_0002215)                                                                                                                                                                                 |
| `POMBASE:mah`   |              2 | [SO:0002027](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/SO_0002027), [SO:0002028](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/SO_0002028)                                                                                                                                                                                 |
| `POMBASE:vw`    |              1 | [SO:0002029](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/SO_0002029)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          |
| `PomBase:mh`    |              1 | [SO:0002208](http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/SO_0002208)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          |
